Session Title
(Limit 75 characters, including spaces.)
Your session title should clearly indicate the topic of your presentation. Your title should pique the interest of the Program Committee — and subsequently your audience.


Session Detail
(Limit 2,500 characters, including spaces.)
Describe your session here (Note: bullets not supported). This is the most important part of your submission for Program Committee review—please be thorough and specific to increase your chance of acceptance by differentiating your submission from others.

Some ideas for what to include:

What are the main points you plan to cover?
What is new/different/profound about what you’ll be covering?
Will you be demoing something—what and why?
Do you have some current examples/case studies that help illustrate the points you’ll be making? What are they and how do they fit it?
What actionable takeaways will attendees have? Our Program Committee wants to understand the impact your session will have and tangible actions attendees of your session will be motivated to take.

Specifics are key in this part of your submission—this should not read like a marketing brochure—the voice and expertise of the presenter is extremely important here.

This part of your submission will not be published anywhere—this is all about helping the Program Committee understand the depth of your submission and your unique expertise to deliver.


Abstract
(Limit 400 characters, including spaces.) 

In a few sentences, explain what your session will cover (Note: bullets not supported). This abstract will be included in our marketing materials, website, and Mobile Experience. NOTE: How long is 400 characters? This paragraph is 264 characters, including spaces.


Session Format—Please choose one of the following: *
Individual Speaker - One speaker only.
Co-Speakers - This format has two speakers.
Panel Discussion - This is a session with a Moderator (Panel Leader) and up to three Panelists. The Moderator is responsible for facilitating the panel discussion and is the main contact for the RSA Conference Speaker Manager. Panel participants should represent diverse points of view and background.
If you need edit your session format please contact the Speaker Management Team at rsac.speakermanagement@info.rsaconference.com.

Will this presentation be seen elsewhere within 45 days before or after the Conference?*
Yes
No
Submitter’s Comments
(Limit 400 characters, including spaces.)

Is there anything else you want to tell the Program Committee? Please include this detail below:


Session Profiling Information

The following information will help ensure that the attendees clearly understand if they have the appropriate experience to get the most benefit from your session.

Session Classification — Please choose one of the following: *
Advanced - Focused on advanced principles and concepts, geared toward attendees with deep subject knowledge and 15 or more years of experience. Little/no time is spent on defining terms and background. These sessions should contain demonstrations, line code, advanced architecture discussions, tools that can be shared, or similar level of content.
Intermediate - Focused on principles and concepts that would appeal to attendees with more than 5 years of experience. Little, if any, time is spent on definitional terms and concepts. Contains instructive demos, management tools, deep process discussions, or similar level of content.
General - This classification is used for compelling strategic sessions and introductions to new technology.

Should your session be designated as a "Technical" session?*
Yes
No
Subtopics: please provide up to 5 keywords to describe your session*